# Homework-1---RTFKT

# RTFKT - The Future is Now.

## Overview and Origin

* RTFKT

* Formed by three friends at the beginning of the COVID pandemic in Jan 2020.

* Founded by Benoit Pagotto, Chris Le and Steven Vasilev

* For many years, RTFKT was an undefined collective, working strictly in the shadows, providing designs and concepts to game companies and a few select fashion brands. In 2021, RTFKT partnered with Takashi Murakami, to deliver their 20,000 Clone X avatar collection. In less than a year's time, they have seen Clone X community meet-ups all around the world, including cities such as: New York, Los Angeles, Paris, South Korea, Tokyo, London and many others. During this time, their community members have empowered each other to learn 3D tools, such as blender, and use their collective knowledge to create amazing, interactive experiences.

* RTFKT have recieved various funding from seed funding and most notably In December 2021, NIKE, Inc. acquired RTFKT for a sum thought to be in excess of $1 billion. Income is generated predominantly through the primary and secondary sales of NFTs.


## Business Activities

* RTFKT use the blockchain as a technology to prove provenance, ownership, and immutability of your digital assets across virtual worlds. Specifically, RTKFT NFTs exist on the Ethereum blockchain.

* RTFKT is an eclectic, future-focused, creator-led organization. They use the latest in game engines, NFTs, blockchain authentication and augmented reality, combined with design and manufacturing expertise to create unique experiences with phygital fashion, sneakers, and digital artifacts. The intended customers is anyone interested in fashion, ditigal assets and augmented reality.

* Their latest phygital (digital item ultimatley claimable as a phystical item) drops come with NFC tags embedded in the physical item (e.g. Space Drips, Clone X Forge SZN1). Connecting to the corresponding NFTs proves its provenance and allows anyone easy access and verification of the product and its details.

* RTFKT use the blockchain as a technology to prove provenance, ownership, and immutability of your digital assets across virtual worlds. Specifically, RTKFT NFTs exist on the Ethereum blockchain. The use of NFTs allow ease of transaction and prood of legitamcy.

"An NFT (non-fungible token) is a digital certificate for intellectual property recorded on a distributed ledger, such as a blockchain like Ethereum. NFTs can be anything that is digital, from collectibles and art pieces to music and even short movie segments — the possibilities are endless. “Non-fungible,” more or less, means that an NFT is unique and cannot be replaced with something else. A Bitcoin is an example of a fungible token, which means you can trade one Bitcoin for another identical Bitcoin and you'll have exactly the same thing. NFTs are unique and thus non-fungible."


## Landscape

* The domain of the financial industry is blockchain, cryptocurrencies and NFTs

* Some of the major trends and over the past 5-10 years for blockchain, cryptocurrencies and NFTs include Crypto Exchanges beginning to sell NFTs (specifically over the past 2 years), more traditional companies entering the space (examples include Adidas, Prada etc), increasing VC investment, alternative chains entering the space (various blockchains), Increasing government regulation for cryptocurrencies and ever increasing mass adoption digital identity

* Some of RTFKT/Nike's major competitors include Gucci, Adidas, YugaLabs (BAYC), Lacoste and more


## Results

* What has been the business impact of this company so far?

* RTFKT / Nike is approaching $200M in sales generated from NFTs, towering over the other mega-brands who are actively participating in the space. 

* RTFKT did $1.29 billion — including $92 million in royalties — in secondary/resale volume prior to the acquisition. Combined with the $93 million in primary RTFKT sales, Nike captured the same volume in product sales from its secondary and primary markets for the very first time.
Although RTFKT and Nike have a ways to go before topping the $4.7 billion in revenue generated by Jordan Brand, they’re going to be able to catch up quickly with secondary market sales of their NFT sneakers and hoodies.

* Other brands have seen some interesting results for primary versus resale value, which can help partially explain some of the volatility in the perpetually fluctuating NFT market.


## Recommendations

* Although RTKFT and Nike have been performing exceptionally well, If I were to advise the company, I would suggest incorperating a tradional method of payment (in addition to current method which is using cryptocurrencies, more specifically etherium) to allow for a wider adoption by individuals who have no interest in the underlying asset (ethereum) and make it easier for everyone to get involved. These methods include Visa, Mastercard and more recently Apple Pay. As it stands, only inidviduals who are interested NFTs and Cryptocurrencies have a wider understanding of their offering.


## Resources 

* https://explodingtopics.com/blog/nft-trends

* https://www.highsnobiety.com/p/rtfkt-funding-digital-supreme/

* https://rtfkt.com/wtf
